---
title: "Manage hold notifications"
ms.author: markjjo
author: markjjo
manager: laurawi
ms.date: 
ms.audience: Admin
ms.topic: article
ms.service: o365-administration
localization_priority: Normal
ms.collection: 
search.appverid: 
- MOE150
- MET150
ms.assetid: 

description: ""
---

# Manage Communications
Once you have initiated your legal hold notification workflow, you can leverage  Advanced eDiscovery to track the status of your communications. The Communications Tab showcases all of the hold notifications within your Advanced eDiscovery case. Here, you can see details, such as the number of custodians that have been assigned or have acknowledged the notice.

## View Communication Details
### Track Acknowledgements
Once you select a communication from the **Communications Tab**, you can view a list of custodians that have acknowledged a hold notice. 

### Preview the Acknowledgement
In the communication details flyout, you can preview the details regarding your legal hold communication. In the **Preview** panel, you will be able to see a quick snapshot of your legal hold notice as well as the settings and content for your workflow notifications. The Preview panel will also surface details around which custodians have already acknowledged the notice.

## Actions on Existing Communications
### Re-Send a Hold Notice
Occasionally, custodians lose track of their emails in their day-to-day work. Or, for a long-running litigation, a custodian may reach out and ask you to re-send a notice. As you manage your workflow around legal hold notices, you may need to re-send a notice to bring it back to the "top of a user's mailbox".

You can re-send a hold notice to your custodian by:
1. Navigate to a case within **Security and Compliance > Advanced eDiscovery**.
2. Once you have selected a case, navigate to the **Communications** tab.
3. To re-send a legal hold notice to a custodian, select the communication and click the **Re-Send** option.
4. If a custodian has not already acknowledged their hold notification, then the reminder and escalation flow will be restarted. If a custodian has already acknowledged the hold notice, then the custodian will just receive a copy of the initial hold notice.

> [!NOTE]
> You can only re-send a legal hold notification to custodians that are assigned to the communication. 

### Edit a Communication

#### Update Preservation Obligations   
As the case progresses, custodians may be required to preserve additional or less data than was previously instructed. In eDiscovery terms, you need to re-issue the hold notice with updated content.

To update the contents of your initial hold notice:
1. Navigate to a case within **Security and Compliance > Advanced eDiscovery**.
2. Once you have selected a case, navigate to the **Communications** tab.
3. Select the hold notice that you would like to update and click **Edit**.
4. In the Edit workflow, select **Define Portal Content** and update the contents of your notice. 
5. Click **Save**. Once saved, the re-issuance notice will be sent to all the custodians that are presently assigned to the legal hold notification. In addition, if the reminder/escalation notices are enabled, then these workflows will restart as well. 


#### Update Legal Hold Notifications and Settings
When you update the content or settings of the Issuance, Release, Reissue, Reminder, or Escalation notice, then these changes will apply to all future communications generated by the workflow.

## Related Content 
    - [Create a Legal Hold Notification] (~SecurityCompliance\compliance20\create-hold-notification.md)
    - [Acknowledge a Legal Hold Notification] (~/acknowledge-hold-notification.md)
    - [Adding Custodians to a Case]